Async private key operation offload documentation (#2799)
aws/s2n-tls: docs/USAGE-GUIDE.md

be called for each of the **op** received in **s2n_async_pkey_fn** to
avoid any memory leaks.

> ### Offloading asynchronous private key operations

Reviewer: Once you add the API for getting sig alg, you might want to mention that here since anyone implementing this will probably be thinking "how do I know what sig alg".

Author: Yes I agree, I will do that in said PR, I haven't yet committed to what it looks like.

**The s2n_async_pkey_op_\*** API can be used to perform a private key operation 
outside of the S2N context. The application can query the type of private 
key operation by calling **s2n_async_pkey_op_get_op_type**. In order to perform 
an operation, the application must ask S2N to copy the operation's input into an 
application supplied buffer. The appropriate buffer size can be determined by calling 
**s2n_async_pkey_op_get_input_size**. Once a buffer of proper size is 
allocated, the application can request the input data from the **s2n_async_pkey_op** 
by calling **s2n_async_pkey_op_get_input**. After the operation is completed, the 
finished output can be copied back to S2N by calling **s2n_async_pkey_op_set_output**. 

> Once the output is set the asynchronous private key operation can be completed by
> following the steps outlined [above](#Asynchronous-private-key-operations-related-calls)
> by applying the operation, and freeing the op object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the output is set the asynchronous private key operation can be completed by
following the steps outlined [above](#Asynchronous-private-key-operations-related-calls)
to apply the operation and free the op object.
```

```c
typedef enum { S2N_ASYNC_DECRYPT, S2N_ASYNC_SIGN } s2n_async_pkey_op_type;

extern int s2n_async_pkey_op_get_op_type(struct s2n_async_pkey_op *op, s2n_async_pkey_op_type *type);
extern int s2n_async_pkey_op_get_input_size(struct s2n_async_pkey_op *op, uint32_t *data_len);
extern int s2n_async_pkey_op_get_input(struct s2n_async_pkey_op *op, uint8_t *data, uint32_t data_len);
extern int s2n_async_pkey_op_set_output(struct s2n_async_pkey_op *op, const uint8_t *data, uint32_t data_len);
```

**s2n_async_pkey_op_type** contains the private key operation types.
**s2n_async_pkey_op_get_op_type** retrieves the operation type of the **op**.
**s2n_async_pkey_op_get_input_size** queries the **op** for the size of the input data.
**s2n_async_pkey_op_get_input** retrieves the input data buffer from the **op**. 
The **op** will copy the data into a buffer passed in through the **data** parameter. 
This buffer is owned by the application, and it is the responsibility of the 
application to free it.

> **s2n_async_pkey_op_set_output** the **op** will copy the passed in data buffer, 

Reviewer 2: Do you mean this:
**s2n_async_pkey_op_set_output** copies the inputted data buffer, and uses it to complete the private key operation.

Author: Yes that is much easier to read. Updated
